http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicConference - Academic Conference
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AcademicJournal - Academic Journal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Activity - Activity
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Actor - Actor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdministrativeRegion - Administrative Region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AdultActor - Adult Actor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Agent - Agent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Aircraft - Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Airline - Airline
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Airport - Airport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Album - Album
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmateurBoxer - Amateur Boxer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ambassador - Ambassador
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmericanFootballLeague - American Football League
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmericanFootballPlayer - American Football Player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmericanFootballTeam - American Football Team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Amphibian - Amphibian
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AmusementParkAttraction - Amusement Park Attraction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnatomicalStructure - Anatomical Structure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Animal - Animal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AnimangaCharacter - Animanga Character
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Anime - Anime
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Arachnid - Arachnid
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Archaea - Archaea
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Architect - Architect
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArchitecturalStructure - Architectural Structure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artery - Artery
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtificialSatellite - Artificial Satellite
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artist - Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ArtistDiscography - Artist Discography
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Artwork - Artwork
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Asteroid - Asteroid
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Astronaut - Astronaut
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Athlete - Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AustralianFootballLeague - Australian Football League
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AustralianFootballTeam - Australian Football Team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AustralianRulesFootballPlayer - Australian Rules Football Player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AutoRacingLeague - Auto Racing League
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Automobile - Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/AutomobileEngine - Automobile Engine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Award - Award
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bacteria - Bacteria
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BadmintonPlayer - Badminton Player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Band - Band
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bank - Bank
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Baronet - Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BaseballLeague - Baseball League
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BaseballPlayer - Baseball Player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BaseballSeason - Baseball Season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BaseballTeam - Baseball Team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BasketballLeague - Basketball League
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BasketballPlayer - Basketball Player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BasketballTeam - Basketball Team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bay - Bay
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BeachVolleyballPlayer - Beach Volleyball Player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BeautyQueen - Beauty Queen
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Beverage - Beverage
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BiologicalDatabase - Biological Database
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Biomolecule - Biomolecule
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bird - Bird
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BodyOfWater - Body Of Water
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bodybuilder - Bodybuilder
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bone - Bone
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Book - Book
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BowlingLeague - Bowling League
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Boxer - Boxer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BoxingLeague - Boxing League
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Brain - Brain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Brewery - Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Bridge - Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BritishRoyalty - British Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BroadcastNetwork - Broadcast Network
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Broadcaster - Broadcaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Building - Building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BusCompany - Bus Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/BusinessPerson - Business Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CanadianFootballLeague - Canadian Football League
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CanadianFootballTeam - Canadian Football Team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Canal - Canal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Canoeist - Canoeist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cardinal - Cardinal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CareerStation - Career Station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cartoon - Cartoon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Case - Case
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Castle - Castle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cave - Cave
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CelestialBody - Celestial Body
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Chancellor - Chancellor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cheese - Cheese
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Chef - Chef
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalCompound - Chemical Compound
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalElement - Chemical Element
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChemicalSubstance - Chemical Substance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChessPlayer - Chess Player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ChristianBishop - Christian Bishop
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/City - City
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ClassicalMusicArtist - Classical Music Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ClassicalMusicComposition - Classical Music Composition
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cleric - Cleric
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ClericalAdministrativeRegion - Clerical Administrative Region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ClubMoss - Club Moss
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Coach - Coach
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/College - College
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CollegeCoach - College Coach
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Colour - Colour
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Comedian - Comedian
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComedyGroup - Comedy Group
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Comic - Comic
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComicStrip - Comic Strip
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComicsCharacter - Comics Character
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ComicsCreator - Comics Creator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Company - Company
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ConcentrationCamp - Concentration Camp
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Congressman - Congressman
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Conifer - Conifer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Constellation - Constellation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Continent - Continent
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Convention - Convention
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Country - Country
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Crater - Crater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CricketGround - Cricket Ground
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CricketLeague - Cricket League
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CricketTeam - Cricket Team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cricketer - Cricketer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Criminal - Criminal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Crustacean - Crustacean
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CultivatedVariety - Cultivated Variety
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Curler - Curler
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CurlingLeague - Curling League
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Currency - Currency
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cycad - Cycad
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CyclingRace - Cycling Race
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/CyclingTeam - Cycling Team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Cyclist - Cyclist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Dam - Dam
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/DartsPlayer - Darts Player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Database - Database
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Device - Device
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Diocese - Diocese
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease - Disease
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Document - Document
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Drug - Drug
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Earthquake - Earthquake
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Economist - Economist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EducationalInstitution - Educational Institution
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Election - Election
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Embryology - Embryology
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engine - Engine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Engineer - Engineer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Entomologist - Entomologist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Enzyme - Enzyme
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EthnicGroup - Ethnic Group
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Eukaryote - Eukaryote
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/EurovisionSongContestEntry - Eurovision Song Contest Entry
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Event - Event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Farmer - Farmer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fashion - Fashion
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FashionDesigner - Fashion Designer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fern - Fern
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FictionalCharacter - Fictional Character
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FieldHockeyLeague - Field Hockey League
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FigureSkater - Figure Skater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Film - Film
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FilmFestival - Film Festival
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fish - Fish
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FloweringPlant - Flowering Plant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Food - Food
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FootballLeagueSeason - Football League Season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FootballMatch - Football Match
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FormulaOneRacer - Formula One Racer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/FormulaOneTeam - Formula One Team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Fungus - Fungus
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GaelicGamesPlayer - Gaelic Games Player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Galaxy - Galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Game - Game
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Garden - Garden
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Gene - Gene
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GeneLocation - Gene Location
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Genre - Genre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ginkgo - Ginkgo
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GivenName - Given Name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Glacier - Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Gnetophytes - Gnetophytes
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfCourse - Golf Course
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfLeague - Golf League
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfPlayer - Golf Player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GolfTournament - Golf Tournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GovernmentAgency - Government Agency
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Governor - Governor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GrandPrix - Grand Prix
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Grape - Grape
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GreenAlga - Green Alga
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/GridironFootballPlayer - Gridiron Football Player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Group - Group
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Guitarist - Guitarist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Gymnast - Gymnast
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HandballLeague - Handball League
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HandballPlayer - Handball Player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HandballTeam - Handball Team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Historian - Historian
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricBuilding - Historic Building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HistoricPlace - Historic Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HockeyTeam - Hockey Team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Holiday - Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HollywoodCartoon - Hollywood Cartoon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Horse - Horse
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HorseRace - Horse Race
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HorseRider - Horse Rider
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HorseTrainer - Horse Trainer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Hospital - Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Hotel - Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HumanGene - Human Gene
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/HumanGeneLocation - Human Gene Location
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/IceHockeyLeague - Ice Hockey League
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/IceHockeyPlayer - Ice Hockey Player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Image - Image
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/InformationAppliance - Information Appliance
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Infrastructure - Infrastructure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/InlineHockeyLeague - Inline Hockey League
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Insect - Insect
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Instrumentalist - Instrumentalist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Island - Island
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Jockey - Jockey
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Journalist - Journalist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Judge - Judge
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LacrosseLeague - Lacrosse League
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LacrossePlayer - Lacrosse Player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lake - Lake
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Language - Language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LaunchPad - Launch Pad
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LawFirm - Law Firm
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lawyer - Lawyer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/LegalCase - Legal Case
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Legislature - Legislature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Library - Library
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ligament - Ligament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lighthouse - Lighthouse
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Location - Location
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Locomotive - Locomotive
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Lymph - Lymph
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Magazine - Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mammal - Mammal
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Manga - Manga
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MartialArtist - Martial Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mayor - Mayor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MeanOfTransportation - Mean Of Transportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Medician - Medician
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MemberOfParliament - Member Of Parliament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryConflict - Military Conflict
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryPerson - Military Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryStructure - Military Structure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MilitaryUnit - Military Unit
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mineral - Mineral
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MixedMartialArtsEvent - Mixed Martial Arts Event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MixedMartialArtsLeague - Mixed Martial Arts League
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Model - Model
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mollusca - Mollusca
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Monarch - Monarch
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Monument - Monument
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Moss - Moss
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Motorcycle - Motorcycle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MotorcycleRacingLeague - Motorcycle Racing League
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MotorcycleRider - Motorcycle Rider
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MotorsportRacer - Motorsport Racer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MotorsportSeason - Motorsport Season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Mountain - Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MountainPass - Mountain Pass
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MountainRange - Mountain Range
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MouseGene - Mouse Gene
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MouseGeneLocation - Mouse Gene Location
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Murderer - Murderer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Muscle - Muscle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Museum - Museum
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicFestival - Music Festival
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicGenre - Music Genre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Musical - Musical
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalArtist - Musical Artist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MusicalWork - Musical Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/MythologicalFigure - Mythological Figure
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NCAATeamSeason - N C A A Team Season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Name - Name
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NascarDriver - Nascar Driver
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NationalCollegiateAthleticAssociationAthlete - National Collegiate Athletic Association Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NationalFootballLeagueEvent - National Football League Event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NationalFootballLeagueSeason - National Football League Season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NaturalEvent - Natural Event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NaturalPlace - Natural Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Nerve - Nerve
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/NetballPlayer - Netball Player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Newspaper - Newspaper
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Noble - Noble
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Non-ProfitOrganisation - Non Profit Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Novel - Novel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OfficeHolder - Office Holder
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OlympicEvent - Olympic Event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OlympicResult - Olympic Result
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Olympics - Olympics
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Organisation - Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/OrganisationMember - Organisation Member
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Painter - Painter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Park - Park
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PeriodicalLiterature - Periodical Literature
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Person - Person
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PersonFunction - Person Function
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Philosopher - Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Photographer - Photographer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Place - Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Planet - Planet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Plant - Plant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Play - Play
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PlayboyPlaymate - Playboy Playmate
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Poem - Poem
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Poet - Poet
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PokerPlayer - Poker Player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoliticalParty - Political Party
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Politician - Politician
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PoloLeague - Polo League
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Pope - Pope
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PopulatedPlace - Populated Place
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PowerStation - Power Station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Presenter - Presenter
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/President - President
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Priest - Priest
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PrimeMinister - Prime Minister
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Prison - Prison
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProgrammingLanguage - Programming Language
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Project - Project
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ProtectedArea - Protected Area
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Protein - Protein
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/PublicTransitSystem - Public Transit System
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Publisher - Publisher
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Race - Race
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RaceHorse - Race Horse
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RaceTrack - Race Track
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Racecourse - Racecourse
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RacingDriver - Racing Driver
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RadioHost - Radio Host
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RadioProgram - Radio Program
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RadioStation - Radio Station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RailwayLine - Railway Line
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RailwayStation - Railway Station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RailwayTunnel - Railway Tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RecordLabel - Record Label
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Region - Region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Religious - Religious
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ReligiousBuilding - Religious Building
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Reptile - Reptile
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ResearchProject - Research Project
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Restaurant - Restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/River - River
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Road - Road
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RoadJunction - Road Junction
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RoadTunnel - Road Tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Rocket - Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RollerCoaster - Roller Coaster
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RouteOfTransportation - Route Of Transportation
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Rower - Rower
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Royalty - Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RugbyClub - Rugby Club
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RugbyLeague - Rugby League
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/RugbyPlayer - Rugby Player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Saint - Saint
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sales - Sales
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Satellite - Satellite
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/School - School
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Scientist - Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ScreenWriter - Screen Writer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sea - Sea
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Senator - Senator
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Settlement - Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Ship - Ship
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/ShoppingMall - Shopping Mall
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Singer - Singer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Single - Single
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SiteOfSpecialScientificInterest - Site Of Special Scientific Interest
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Skater - Skater
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SkiArea - Ski Area
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Skier - Skier
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Skyscraper - Skyscraper
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SnookerChamp - Snooker Champ
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SnookerPlayer - Snooker Player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SnookerWorldRanking - Snooker World Ranking
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoapCharacter - Soap Character
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerClub - Soccer Club
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerClubSeason - Soccer Club Season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerLeague - Soccer League
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerManager - Soccer Manager
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerPlayer - Soccer Player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoccerTournament - Soccer Tournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SocietalEvent - Societal Event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SoftballLeague - Softball League
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Software - Software
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SolarEclipse - Solar Eclipse
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Song - Song
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sound - Sound
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceShuttle - Space Shuttle
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpaceStation - Space Station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Spacecraft - Spacecraft
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Species - Species
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpeedwayLeague - Speedway League
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpeedwayRider - Speedway Rider
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SpeedwayTeam - Speedway Team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Sport - Sport
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportCompetitionResult - Sport Competition Result
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportFacility - Sport Facility
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsEvent - Sports Event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsLeague - Sports League
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsManager - Sports Manager
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsSeason - Sports Season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeam - Sports Team
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeamMember - Sports Team Member
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SportsTeamSeason - Sports Team Season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SquashPlayer - Squash Player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Stadium - Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Star - Star
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Station - Station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Stream - Stream
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SumoWrestler - Sumo Wrestler
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/SupremeCourtOfTheUnitedStatesCase - Supreme Court Of The United States Case
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Surname - Surname
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Swimmer - Swimmer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TableTennisPlayer - Table Tennis Player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionEpisode - Television Episode
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionHost - Television Host
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionSeason - Television Season
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionShow - Television Show
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TelevisionStation - Television Station
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TennisLeague - Tennis League
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TennisPlayer - Tennis Player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TennisTournament - Tennis Tournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Theatre - Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TimePeriod - Time Period
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TopicalConcept - Topical Concept
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Tournament - Tournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Tower - Tower
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Town - Town
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/TradeUnion - Trade Union
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Train - Train
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Tunnel - Tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/UnitOfWork - Unit Of Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/University - University
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Valley - Valley
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Vein - Vein
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Venue - Venue
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideoGame - Video Game
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VideogamesLeague - Videogames League
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Village - Village
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VoiceActor - Voice Actor
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Volcano - Volcano
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VolleyballCoach - Volleyball Coach
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VolleyballLeague - Volleyball League
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/VolleyballPlayer - Volleyball Player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WaterRide - Water Ride
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WaterwayTunnel - Waterway Tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Weapon - Weapon
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Website - Website
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Wikidata:Q11424 - Wikidata Q
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WineRegion - Wine Region
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Winery - Winery
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WinterSportPlayer - Winter Sport Player
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WomensTennisAssociationTournament - Womens Tennis Association Tournament
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Work - Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WorldHeritageSite - World Heritage Site
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Wrestler - Wrestler
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrestlingEvent - Wrestling Event
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Writer - Writer
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/WrittenWork - Written Work
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Year - Year
http://dbpedia.org/ontology/YearInSpaceflight - Year In Spaceflight
